[Music]
hey get a load of ten exotic animals you
can keep as pets do you want to be the
center of everyone's attention as you're
going for a morning stroll
you can try dressing up like a unicorn
or simply getting yourself an exotic pet
and becoming instantly popular you can't
possibly keep a unicorn as a pet but a
skunk a fennec or even a capybara could
be all yours
what's a capybara well you're about to
find out now
it'll cost you quite a lot of money and
effort to take care of one of those
exotic creatures but if you're ready to
accept the challenges and
responsibilities pay attention to these
important tips any exotic pet owner must
follow now before you start googling
Phoenix and capybaras it sounds like an
accounting firm right allow Phoenix and
capybaras please hold
take a second to subscribe to our
channel to always be in the know about
what's happening on the bright side of
life
bring the notification valve to be the
first to get our awesome updates coming
down from number tab capybara the
capybara is a huge but very friendly
rodent that can weigh up to a hundred
and forty pounds this intelligent animal
can make friends with anyone and gets
along well with cats dogs and birds you
can easily train your capivara
and it won't show any resistance or
aggression they quickly get used to
walking on a leash and feel very
comfortable as a pet it sounds great
makes you want to get one right well
here's an important note that's true for
all exotic animals not just capybaras
you should only buy exotic animals from
professional breeders don't encourage
the sale of wild animals
capybaras lead a semi-aquatic life and
rarely get any farther than a half a
mile away from the water a perfect place
for a pet capybara is a pool in a large
enclosure that's nice and warm in the
winter
capybaras thrive in a tropical climate
you know well you'll be okay with a
capybara as your fluffy friend never get
a red
and as an alternative to it they need a
highly specific diet to survive and are
better off at the zoo remember that
they're an endangered species so you
don't want to risk it do you
number nine fennec this mini Fox is the
size of a chihuahua weighs no more than
three pounds and is getting more and
more popular as a pet the fennec is an
extremely friendly creature that's full
of energy a cute feature of this animal
is the wool pads on its paws which save
it from burning itself on hot sand in
the wild at first this animal will need
maximum attention for hand feeding
playing and petting never yell at it or
make sudden movements it will also
require a huge cage or a separate room
covered with sand
they love to dig and make holes in
winter you'll have to think about how to
keep it warm as Phoenix can't stand low
temperatures this animal can quickly
catch a cold and may die alternatively
the dune cat is no substitute to the
fennec sure it's cute and considered one
of the easiest pets to keep out of all
felines
however these animals are accounted for
and keeping them at home is illegal in
many countries number a axolotl pay
axolotl and will tell you a lot oh sorry
I couldn't help myself despite being a
popular domestic pet the axolotl
is on the verge of total extinction
catching this amphibian in natural
waters is prohibited but it's okay to
breed it at home you have to understand
one thing though this is a huge
responsibility and no easy task if the
conditions are not good enough an axial
ATO will quickly fall ill and die so if
you're still up for it you're going to
need a large tank with water at least 15
gallons of water for each axolotl with a
consistently comfortable temperature of
60 to 68 degrees Fahrenheit
you'll also need to perform regular
cleanings of the aquarium the axolotl is
incompatible with any species of fish
snails and frogs
if you
guarantee that it will always be in cool
water it's better to give up the idea of
keeping it as a pet
now the poisonous agha toad is also
quite popular in home terrariums and
owners aren't afraid to hold it in pet
it
however these toads have a very strong
poison so if you have dogs cats or small
children it's better to choose another
pet otherwise your loved ones might die
after playing with iago number 7 sugar
glider so meet the sugar glider he just
smiled didn't you it's hard to resist
looking into those eyes sugar gliders
are incredibly affectionate and strongly
attached to their owners and the animals
they live with flying squirrels are non
aggressive and they respond well to
voice intonation and can be trained in
simple commands since a sugar glider is
a nocturnal animal it might give you a
hard time at night at first when the
flying squirrel makes a noise in its
cage it's calling you because it's bored
and lonely these are very social beings
and are always in need of communication
the best option is to buy it a friend
also when installing a drinking bowl in
the cage you should teach your pet to
use it otherwise the animal may die of
thirst now in case you think bats are
similar to sugar gliders you are very
wrong not only is it extremely difficult
to find a common language with these
animals but it's also illegal to keep
them as pets in many countries number 6
Genet no not Janet Janet so you decide
to get a Genet before you do so decide
if you're ready for a long term
commitment it sounds more like Janet
doesn't it Jen it's really get attached
to their homes if you're still in you'll
have to learn to read its mood if your
pet is in a good mood you can pet it and
play with it and it will give you an
affectionate / when it's not quite so
happy it's better not to touch it as the
animal will be quite aggressive are you
sure this isn't Janet
despite its exotic looks the Janet is
unpretentious
may needs are regular feedings and a
clean tray now a meerkat is not an
alternative to a Janet it's illegal to
keep it as a pet in many countries these
animals are incredibly active and will
never give you any peace and your home
will soon require a makeover
no boy number five Hedgehog these
prickly cuties are winning the hearts of
more and more people who get them as
pets hedgehogs are good-natured and have
an amazing ability to get used to home
conditions quickly want to get a
hedgehog as a pet well you'll need to
buy a cage and make a small shelter for
the Hedgehog
don't let it wander around the house
exploring all by itself as it might get
stuck in wires or become injured
remember that hedgehogs are predators
and raw meat should be the core of their
diet if you think you can handle a
gerbil just like a hedgehog you're wrong
unless you live in Africa it's a wild
and aggressive rodent that will never
get used to people and will try to
escape at every opportunity number 4
electric-blue crayfish if you want to
really surprise everyone with your pet
then you should get a crayfish not just
any kind of crayfish of course go for an
electric blue one you won't be able to
take this surreal beauty for a walk or
train it to follow your commands but
it'll surely become a bright spot in
your home all this blue gorgeousness
needs is a clean water a large aquarium
and a place to hide in there
speaking of exotic beauties that
transform any space into a fairy tale
setting
listen up Harry Potter fans any of you
out there give this video a thumbs up to
let us know now sadly you can't keep
Hedwig as a pet the white owl although
not on the list of endangered animals is
nonetheless banned as a pet in many
countries this predator is not meant to
live with people number three kinkajou
meet the kinkajou a cute little mix of a
monkey and a bear that's a really
popular pet in Brazil not only is it
lovable it also loves its owners back
enjoys cuddles the kinkajou is curious
and loves following its owner wherever
they go hanging off their shoulders and
sitting on their lap they really don't
make any trouble and easily adapt to a
new home these animals need a warm
climate so if you live up north or in a
moderately cold climate getting a
kinkajou might not be the best idea also
you can't keep two of these animals at
the same time you can't leave the
creature unattended at your house either
be sure to lock it in its cage while
you're out now even though they kind of
look alike the kinkajou and the Koala
are two very different things when it
comes to keeping them as pets koalas are
an endangered species and the Australian
Government imposes serious restrictions
on exports and keeping them as pets
number two Fox can you resist the charm
of this forest beauty no well in that
case you may be wondering if you can
take them home the truth is that not all
kinds of foxes belong in your house
remember that a domestic Fox can be a
pet but a domesticated one is a
different thing the difference between
these two species is that the pet or
domestic Fox is one that was bred
especially for keeping at home they
undergo a strict selection process a
domesticated Fox is one that was brought
from the forest to the home foxes have
quite a specific character they are
devoted but independent and very curious
trustful and playful finding a common
language with this pet will take a long
time so you have to be patient it'll be
easy for the Fox to get used to your
house if you already have some other
pets walk your Fox on a leash and watch
it closely the animal can swallow a
piece of glass or other dangerous
objects foxes like to hide so you need
to create a den for it
many dishonest breeders sell puppies of
domesticated foxes as domestic ones at a
lower price trying to save money in this
way will not end well
sooner or later the animal will show its
instincts and begin to attack others
scream at night and try to break away
like crazy
and of course never bring an ordinary
wild fox into your home for your safety
and the safety of your loved ones
number one skunk it might be hard for
you to imagine a skunk as a pet
however they're pretty popular pets in
the u.s. guns are affectionate and very
loyal much like dogs
a tame skunk doesn't use its fetid
weapons at home the main thing is to
regularly comb out the animal and trim
its claws if you can keep a skunk as a
pet what could possibly be bad about a
raccoon they are extremely popular as
pets worldwide however breeders don't
recommend getting a raccoon unless
you're a professional with plenty of
knowledge about handling wild animals
these cunning and quick animals will
turn your house into ruins the second
you turn away from them not everyone has
the patience and strength to tame this
creature well would you want to have an
exotic animal as a pet or do you think
they belong in the wild
hey how about Janet tell us in the
comments below don't forget to give us a
like and click subscribe to stay on the
bright side of life
[Music]
[Applause]